thank you
give me all your lights
[Music]
stop spitting on me oh you little you're
a little weirdo leave me alone
yeah we got him yeah we sure did I think
I think I'd rather just be shot that
little freak is creepy yeah his name's
Gerald he's nice why does his shirt say
SC
Jason I'm gonna collect these dudes look
I made a gun out of people what what
and now we're getting cash cash money
give me that guy let's see if we add
another person to our pistol oh we're
not gonna go very far we just took two
dudes and oh no stack them on top of
each other now they're a pistol all
right it's gonna be a good day with five
seconds in the video I'm already
confused oh laughing
oh
how it is that okay you got like two in
the handle one underneath like two as
this was a double barrel it's got two
heads
okay I think there's a damage I suppose
all right let me get that guy another
one shoot that huh Rebecca oh I forgot
to pick up the money yeah yeah get it oh
there we go we got a shotgun oh yeah oh
yeah look at this
I keep missing though okay guys oh I got
some of them some of them oh now we're
getting bigger oh there's skin oh bless
them all oh what I don't even know what
kind of gun we are now that is a big one
the sweet looking little gun come on
don't shoot that out oh almost lost that
oh I missed that last guy oh we can go
away further now oh
gold okay that was a lot of progression
in one round that was a little better
just to wee bit oh Royal shook
oh crammed in there look at the guy in
the back it looks magnificent it's like
the bow of a ship it's like a mermaid
but even more beautiful oh we got buy it
dang oh is that a revolver oh it shoots
dudes little dude's gonna get dizzy
arranged damage
sure why not spin oh boy gambling for
children yay the best spin to win with
your parents credit card or Chris's
credit card if you like me look at that
thing oh you said something about my
credit card this is like a really weird
yoga class all right this one's called
shotgun
this one's called stick em up ooh SMG
sure
look at all these oh a chimachi good
gracious I want the SMG yeah he's
pointed straight up he's just wait oh
that's that's the brace okay I was like
is he shooting from his crotch no that's
the other end okay good that'd be weird
yeah right it's not farting is that how
you fire as a human gun yeah that's how
exactly how I fire is a human gun oh big
guy I get him oh I miss one oh my God
recording people oh
that was weird I don't know how I feel
about that all right we're on the
shocking season already
what's after the shotgun come on give me
that next one give me those give me all
three of those oh I think we we
definitely have enough now what's what
sound does your your gun make again wow
hey
no recording me without my consent
what does a dog say wow
what do you do when you uh meet an
elderly Japanese person I guess you know
you don't fart on them oh
the emperor got mad at me wow
when you're making a present what do you
put on top of it wow it's a homonym a
bow it still hurts
this man they got some good core
strength right like I've made Chris
robbing a bank I walk in there with
Chris and I just point him butt first
and like all right
make a move and no one gets stinked on
double barrel
got the hair trigger on that one let's
get this revolver going are you gonna
get all that
we go shotgun already I surprised you
haven't made any of your super annoying
Transformer noises yet I I will now oh
look at it actually revolve every time
it fires
that's amazing
oh you got a new skin for it okay we're
not gonna get that one fire faster okay
I think we need to get better range oh
we're only shooting when we're like an
inch away
you missed that guy I'll miss your guy
you won't I don't know what that means
whoa our bullets are super cool
this one
purses curses in my purses you can't
curses on YouTube that's the new
catchphrase I'm made of did you like it
it wasn't very good I didn't like it I
didn't like it at all in fact I I I I
think I loved it I'm gonna see you in
late night TV and you're gonna say that
I'm gonna be like Chris
don't listen to him Jay Leno Jay lit up
what year is it bonus level oh big
giants oh yeah I load them up yeah knock
them down
oh what is that thing oh you got like an
8K man or a person now I feel a little
bad they like run away from you oh my
God that was good they give you this oh
sniper rifle okay I want that so 5K oh
they've always jumped over that guy I
don't know what this is but I love it
oh my God
[Music]
I love it I don't know if you can't get
that one I mean no I didn't want that
that was dumb yeah it was stupid it
smelled like France
okay we're doing good here I'm just
gonna sneak by there because I
completely missed that one I forgot to
shoot from the side
oh you lost the dude my bit me it's been
Bop that was a poppy oh okay I'm gonna
get all these guys okay push through
power through buddy oh we got this we
got this new next gun calling it right
now yeah it's gonna be a little I don't
know guns I call them wrong on purpose
to annoy people in comments are you sure
ow
oh
assault rifle especially the first three
letters if you look around there
you got the revolver give me them and
give me give me give me there we go
now we're talking oh
this is worth a thousand dollars for
some stupid reason a vertical knife
sixteen thousand dollars well anyway
well talk like this one we're being
nerds I don't know I have to talk like
this that's true that's better dude this
thing is ripping ah ripping rapidly look
at that it's like me after eating beans
I'm ripping it up
with me after beans I'm screaming wow
don't make me bow wow whoa I said cool
look at from the front it looks like a
snail already oh get the sauce away from
me I'm a good male
I'm a southern gentleman named oh
Stanley the snail how do you do I got a
laser now I'll take more deadly than
shooting someone is slightly hurting
their eyes with a laser those last three
seconds of your life you're not gonna
see very well bud is this still the
assault rifle oh it's a shotgun now
we're on the revolver okay I keep
missing people my mouse keeps going off
the screen come on come on come you
missed that guy I didn't want him he was
dumb
oh assault rifle time go
ah they're spitting here we got these
salt rifle already looking good I'm fine
and dandy oh
first oh 25 in that guy give me those
only give me two I guess that was the
amount of damage he had health whatever
I don't know what's sad when Chris gets
sad he turns into Don Knotts whoa
oh my God
no one watching this does who Don Knotts
is
my pistol out oh we got AK now look at
that wait what that's an okay looking
okay that's an AK-47 oh I almost lost it
okay oh skin what the heck is that thing
whoa oh this guy this has like kind of
Auto aims okay
that was a paintball gun is it no I feel
like that's a bit of a downgrade
look at this I'm sniping I think it's
just a generic laser gun okay if we
don't get it just blew that thing up we
don't get a new record right now I'm
gonna cry you're gonna cry anyways first
I have to Google what a meter is
what is a meter in Freedom it's like a
12 Big Mac so there's a paintball gun
you're right hey I am right plus two
rain just please get that Barrel boom I
did nothing oh hit spikes oh a bunch of
my dudes just died I'm sorry buddies oh
that was close like that one was
unavoidable oh I love this revolver too
much okay minus two okay shotgun then we
go back up hold that up get all that
money oh we need more damage
oh no our range is a lot better so we're
doing okay come on get through that yeah
too powerful we broke the game we got
taser
whoa okay this looks like a lot of dudes
give me give me give me shotgun easy
peasy revolver got it I keep missing
them paintball gun okay I'm looking all
over the place I'm too busy
the Giants sniper
what is happening right now oh I can't
okay oh I think we just blow up that was
a grenade launcher for a little bit more
the minigun again those guys are running
from us what is this Halo gun okay like
the game or like a Halo I don't know
what it's supposed to be but okay
they're gonna devolving back all the way
to like a slingshot wow stop bowing at
me I can't help it what's your bow you
can't stop oh oh wow new record oh the
taser did pretty good go around oh yeah
yeah we got a new record though I'll
take it I like Thor's gun
we should get even further because we've
upgraded the cheese don't go around
this game doesn't make any sense all
right the last time we're going through
all the guns Now shotgun God all those
giants everywhere oh more shotguns easy
assault rifle it shoots salt eight ball
gun take that salt yeah get him you're
the worst waiter ever ask for pepper
okay back to the taser oh sniper chasing
them down like that it's so bad
especially because they're tall people
like me so I don't want to hurt them
you're not tall though grenade launcher
[Music]
I think we did worse on this one laser
gun yeah
[Music]
give me all the money or Chris will lick
you we'll see you next time boy leave a
like subscribe
[Music]